# TimeSeriesAnalysis
**This is a repository of the Time Series Analysis I have done on a hypothetical time series:** <br>
- Lab 1 -  This was my intro to time series where I generated two time series, and worked on computing several properties of time series such as the mean, variance, auto-covariance, cross-covariance, auto-correlation, cross-correlation, etc. <br>
- Lab 2 -  Here I programmed a periodogram function, and generated periodograms for several versions (Length Doubled, Trend Removed, Noise Removed) of the original two time series I created in Lab 1. With this I was able to explore, and learn why the stationarity of a time series is important, etc. <br>
- Lab 3 - Here I used the Weiner-Khinchin theorem, and programmed several functions, first to generate the auto-covariance of the two time series, then the Fourier transform of the auto-covariance. The combination of these two functions allows one to compute the Power Spectrum of a time series, and then using this and normalizing over all frequencies, we're able to get the Power Spectral Density of a time series. <br>
- Lab 4 - This lab I explored the process of filtering, I generated three filters (low-pass, high-pass, and band-pass). These three filters are responsible for filtering out different parts of a time series, and are used heavily in signal processing. Filters use a convolution process, and over the course of this lab I explored this. I designed my own filters, with my own funtions to see how well they worked. <br>
- Lab 5 - Here, similar to Lab 3 I explored the Cross-Power Specrtrum and Cross-Power Spectral Density between the original two time series from Lab 1 <br>

